
Home
About
Contact

Your cart is currently empty!

Get Started
Launch Your Website Today!
We make functional and visually appealing websites


Get Started
Learn More
Recommended products
Dealer Management Software
$199.00 / 30 Days
and 30 Days free trial
and $250.00 Sign up fee
Add to cart
Dealer Management Software
DealerClick DMS – The Ultimate Mobile-Friendly Dealership Management System Streamline your dealership’s operations with DealerClick DMS, a fully integrated, web-based, mobile-friendly Dealer Management System (DMS) designed to increase efficiency, reduce costs, and maximize profits. Whether you’re an independent dealer, BHPH lot, or franchise dealership, DealerClick provides everything you need to…

Auto Dealer Website Subscription
$250.00 Original price was: $250.00.$99.00Current price is: $99.00. / Month
and 30 Days free trial
and $250.00 Sign up fee
Add to cart
Auto Dealer Website Subscription
Automated Auto Dealer Marketing: Facebook + OfferUp + Craigslist
$249.00 / Month
and $99.00 Sign up fee
Add to cart
Automated Auto Dealer Marketing: Facebook + OfferUp + Craigslist
🚀 Boost Your Dealership’s Online Presence with Automated Listings 🚀

Struggling to keep up with posting your inventory across multiple platforms? Our Fully Automated Auto Dealer Online Marketing solution takes care of everything—ensuring your vehicles are always visible on Facebook Marketplace, OfferUp, and Craigslist without any manual work.

Business & Technology Management Consulting (Hourly)
$200.00 Original price was: $200.00.$175.00Current price is: $175.00.
Add to cart
Business & Technology Management Consulting (Hourly)
🚀 Strategic Guidance for Growth, Efficiency & Profitability 🚀
With 19+ years of experience spanning software development, automotive sales, SaaS, digital marketing, mortgage finance, and business operations, I offer tailored consulting services designed to optimize workflows, increase revenue, and harness cutting-edge solutions.


Full-Service Customization
Tailor your website to your liking with endless options to personalize the design and functionality.


Blazing Fast
Experience lightning-fast page load speeds for optimal user experience and SEO ranking.


SEO Optimized
Built with search engines in mind, achieve higher rankings and more traffic with optimized code.

No results found

Success Stories
A successful business needs more than just a website


Reconstructed from www.e-techsiliconvalley.com/store on TheInternetArchive.org
01

eCommerce
In 2007, we created our first eCommerce website called E-Tech Silicon Valley.

Owner & CEO Bruce Rezai – a former NASA physicist & San Jose State University teacher – placed his faith in our ability to deliver a cutting edge website that would compete with the likes of Amazon & NewEgg.

We quickly realized having an eCommerce business requires a well-oiled process in which the website is bringing in sales and the staff is able to quickly deliver. From bespoke packaging and SKU numbers for the warehouse, to daily ad-word optimizations, the operation was streamlined from A to Z.

The result? Over 1,000,000 in revenue in only 18 months.

02

Product Development
DealerClick, a major provider of Dealership Management Software was started in 1989 serving hundreds of dealerships nationwide.

Owner & CEO Kevin Mitchell, placed his faith in the team’s abilities to lead the way in creating the DealerClick 2.0. The team did a fantastic job of learning new programming languages, writing vast amounts of code tirelessly, mastering agile deployment, capable of competing with significantly larger companies.

My responsibility was generating document specifications, hiring, initial training, dispute resolution, support, partnership meetings and crucial problem solving.

Today, DealerClick is proud to offer their DealerClick 2.0 product with a near instant deployment process, easy support and an even more charming User Experience than ever before in its history.

Learn More at www.dealerclick.com



03

Bailey Motors Redding
Their former provider had provided a basic, well structured website that while technologically advanced, lacked the look and feel that the ambitious and soulful owners were looking for.

With that in mind, Nadvera created a website completely from scratch that integrates with their DealerClick DMS system, with additional technological advancements and a look and feel that shows the business in the best light possible.

Visit Page

Testimonials

What Our Clients Had to Say

Cephas Maqowr

Car Dealer

Above and Beyond
Albert went above and beyond for our business on a Friday evening when our internet went down. Albert helped us with our internet connection to get our software system back up and running. For us, a small business, the extra effort in DealerClick’s Customer Support means the difference between making it and not being open. Thank you again Albert for the professionalism and courtesy shown by you and DealerClick.


CMJ Motors

Car Dealer

Great Team
what really makes DealerClick stand out from the rest is how Calvin, Albert, and the entire team respond to their clients. They are true professionals in the industry and consistently monitor and update their system to topple the competition!

Frequently Asked Questions
“How much does a website cost?”
Asking how much a website costs is a bit like asking how much it is to build a house. It all depends on what you’re looking for. Our base price for a 1-page website (using any platform) is $1499, which includes basic SEO and flawless design. High end SEO and custom eCommerce sites are cost extra depending on complexity of function and design.

“Why shouldn’t I design it Myself?”
You can design a website yourself, in fact I can teach you the basics on how to do it for a small consulting fee of $99/hr. This way, you’ll actually be able to learn the craft from someone with over 20 years of experience.

“Can I fix my existing WordPress website?”
Sure you can, but unless you have a lot of data specific to your site, we’d recommend starting from a clean sheet.

“Do you provide support?”
Basic Support is included in every website package. Additional customization and consulting are charged on an hourly basis.

Build Your Dream Business
With a Next Level Website

Get Started

Design & Development Consulting


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Products

Products
Plans & Pricing
Services
Partners
Company

Testimonials
Contact Us
Resources

FAQ
Support

Contact Support
Privacy Policy
TOS
© 2025·

Nadvera
· All rights reserved

Optimized by NitroPack.io
Automated page speed optimizations for fast site performance